Aliyun support (#1156)
cloud-carbon-footprint/cloud-carbon-footprint: packages/ali/README.md

# @cloud-carbon-footprint/ali

> This package provides the core logic to get cloud usage data and estimate energy and carbon emissions from Amazon Web Services.

Reviewer: The name should be updated from AWS
```suggestion
This package provides the core logic to get cloud usage data and estimate energy and carbon emissions from Aliyun (Alibaba Cloud).
```
